hi guys sci-fi recapped here before we
start morning
spoilers ahead today i'm gonna explain a
2007 american mystery and thriller movie
called awake
the film begins by showing a doctor jack
harper who feels guilty for failing to
execute a heart transplant operation for
his friend clay beresford heart
transplant is the process of replacing a
person's heart that has been damaged
with a new heart then the scene rewinds
to the event before the operation is
performed
clay is a young billionaire who suffers
from heart disease and he has a
girlfriend named sam
however they are secretly in a
relationship
when sam drives clay to his mother's
house she asks him to tell his mother
their relationship because she needs
reassurance in their relationship but it
seems that clay is not ready to tell his
relationship to his mother because it is
certain that his mother will be
disappointed
later clay meets his friend dr jack
dr jack tells him that there are now
many malpractice charges against
surgeons in his country simply because
they fail to help their patients
although it could be the fate of the
patient it certainly can tarnish the
good name of other surgeons
afterwards he orders clay to lie down on
the operating table he simulates what
process clay will face in the operation
later he also says that he doesn't rule
out the possibility of failure in the
operation which means the possibility
that clay would not survive is very
large
because of that he tells clay to
immediately finish his personal problems
such as telling his mother and getting
him to marry sam because he has little
time left
when he gets out from the hospital sam
is waiting for him outside but he tries
to ignore her because his mother is also
waiting for him which makes sam unhappy
in the car his mother introduces him to
a surgeon dr nair
he is a famous doctor and also he has
been friends with his mother for 15
years
his mother orders clay to be operated on
by dr nair because he is a well-known
doctor but he still refuses it
long story short sam who is tired of her
relationship decides to leave clay he
finally is able to convince her not to
leave him then they meet clay's mother
to reveal their relationship
sure enough clay's mother still rejects
their relationship but with
determination clay chooses to stay with
sam and leave his mother
while outside clay's heart disease
suddenly recurs again
when sam wants to give him the medicine
clay asks her to immediately marry him
at that time they married privately at
midnight even without the blessing of
clay's mother
on the day clay's heart surgery will be
performed clay and sam meet up with dr
jack and his friends dr putnam and nurse
penny previously clay's mother asks him
once again to have him operate on by dr
nell
unfortunately clay insists on trusting
dr jack because he is his best friend
because he keeps begging his mother his
mother can only follow his wishes in the
end when the operation is about to start
suddenly an unknown doctor named dr
larry comes to the operation room
he says that he comes to replace one of
the doctors
the operation begins with anesthetizing
clay first
not long after clay slowly begins to
lose consciousness
strangely it turns out that he is still
half conscious and can feel his whole
body he is able to hear the doctor's
conversations he tries to tell them
about the strangeness but he cannot do
anything about it because of the drug
earlier it looks like he is confined
within his own body when dr jack
dissects his body he only can endure the
pain without being able to do anything
in the waiting room his mother and sam
are chatting while waiting for clay
surgery to finish
suddenly a doctor sits near sam and
tries to assess her but she immediately
shows him her wedding ring causing him
to leave right away back to the
operation room dr jack tells dr larry to
take a break first apparently dr jack
and his friends are doing malpractice
surgery to clay
they actually intended to kill him
clay who still can listen to their
conversation immediately panics and he
tries to wake up causing him to have a
clairvoyant experience but his body
still lying on the operating table
from the experience now he knows dr
jack's plans from the start to kill him
it is also revealed that sam used to
work at the hospital under dr jack and
she has conspired with him against clay
sam's plan was to poison the donor heart
by injecting adriamycin to cause heart
failure thus murdering clay to collect
insurance money to pay off dr jack's
malpractice lawsuits clay eventually
regrets not listening to his mother's
advice earlier
suddenly he feels pain in his chest
which turns out to be his heart has been
successfully removed and replaced by a
heart that has been injected with poison
after his heart is replaced clay
immediately goes into heart failure
because there is dr larry in the room
they pretend to panic by trying to save
clay's life clay begins to lose hope at
that moment as he knows he is going to
die
meanwhile dr jack decides to tell his
mother about what has happened
he pretends to be sorry that he has
failed the surgery just now
knowing this clay's mother is shocked
and cries in despair
in the midst of her despair dr larry
approaches her and tells that in fact
clay is still alive but he is being
helped by a machine and he has no heart
right now
she immediately sacrifices her own life
by consuming clay's medicine
she dies by suicide so her heart can be
switched for the poison one to save clay
at the right time dr neher manages to
come to the hospital and take over the
operation as clay and his mother have
their final moments together in spirit
form it turns out that before committing
suicide clay's mother is suspicious with
sam
she then discovers something strange
about sam
she finds some documents in sam's bag
showing sam's real name and turns out
she was a nurse before
she also realizes that from the
conversations they had before sam has
been at the hospital before
she then calls dr nayer and told him
about sam's true identity and her plan
about her suicide for giving a heart
donor to clay
as a result dr nair manages to come and
carry out the heart transplant and the
police manage to confront putnam and
penny who are trying to escape from the
hospital
on the other hand while sam tries to get
away with what she did dr jack feels
guilty and he holds on to proof so she
can also be arrested
dr nair and his team announce that clay
has come back to life as the new team
stitches clay's wound in the afterlife
with his mother clay tries to commit
suicide to stay with his mother because
he says that he has nothing left in his
real life he makes his new heart stop
beating and the surgeons have to use the
defibrillator in attempt to revive clay
as clay resists being revived his mother
forces clay to revisit a scene from his
childhood when his mother accidentally
killed clay's abusive father this scene
reveals the truth for him and connects
his childhood flashbacks after seeing
this scene he eventually gives away to
revival and before the surgeons could
shock his body again he allows his new
heart to begin beating furthermore sam
is arrested by the police the film ends
with clay opening his eyes as the
surgeons remove the eye tapes while dr
jack ends his narration with he is awake
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
to help the channel out thank you for
watching